________________________________________________________________________________

                               Vimplugin README                                                        -
________________________________________________________________________________

Vimplugin provides a way to use the editor Vim as a component inside the Eclipse
platform and to make vim aware of eclipse to make use of its features. That is
it allows Vim to be tightly integrated into Eclipse. It does this through the
use of the Netbeans external editor protocol which defines a standard way for
editors and IDE's to exchange information. 

It is interesting to note that this protocol was originally invented to
integrate Netbeans with Emacs :-) The "ExternalEditor" module for Netbeans is no
longer supported, but rumours say that Emacs still has support, in theory(!) it
could be used with eclipse in the same way as vim.

The difference between using an editor that supports the protocol through this
plugin compared to just using the usual external editor feature of Eclipse is
that in the former situation the editor and Eclipse are partially aware of each
other and integrated. This enables Eclipse to provide information to the editor,
such as compilation errors. It also allows greater interaction between the two
at the user interface as Eclipse can issue commands to the editor such as 'go to
this line in the file'. The usual external editor feature of Eclipse just
provides a convenient way to launch your favorite editor. It in no way
integrates them together.

But there is still a long way to go to implement a really tight integration.

________________

Project Web Site
________________

Refer to http://vimplugin.org

At the web site there is more information to help with setting up and using
Vimplugin, if you have trouble then please head there as the documentation is
more detailed and includes screen shots.

The web site is a wiki so you can register and contribute even if you dont want
to work on the code directly!

____________

Requirements
____________

 * Eclipse (Version 3.2 or later).
   - Eclipse SDK
   - Eclipse JDT (this could go away some day)
 
 * Vim (Version 7.0 or later).
   - For embedding on a Windows platform Version 7.1.139 or later
   - Needs GVim built with it as well as support for the Netbeans protocol.
 
  * Refer to docs on the website  on how to get started:
   - http://vimplugin.org/installation

____

Bugs
____

We have not encountered any loss of data but be warned that we make no
guarantee that it won't happen.

 * Threading issue - Vim tells Eclipse all the changes you make to a file
 as they occur so that Eclipse can provide all of its features. There are
 some issues with the updating of Eclipses view of the file currently but
 you should'nt be able to notice them.
 
 * Bad Shutdown - If Vim or Eclipse doesn't shutdown nicely then the vim
 swap file will be left behind causing Vim to complain when it starts up.
 This is an issue since sometimes Vim doesn't shutdown properly due to a
 fault of ours.

 
